Fixed an issue in `table.GetEqualEntryKeys` when nil is provided (#1031)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

  - Removed some duplicated strings
  - Removed some old unused strings
  - Fixed some broken source strings (line names)
- Simplified Chinese and Traditional Chinese localization updates (by @sbzlzh):
  - Update Simplified Chinese Translation
  - Improve translation (by @TheOnly8Z)

### Fixed

- Fixed hotreload of TTT2 roles library by a fresh reinitialization
- Fixed a wrong localization line call in roles.lua (by @Satton2)
- Fixed +zoom bind
- Fixed ttt_quickslot command

> - Fixed the error message in entspaw.lua and weapon_ttt_spawneditor.lua when the player is not respawned in the map tttt_submarine, and the inability to generate weapons and customize weapons under this map. And the language selection when pressing F1s suddenly shows an error. (by @sbzlzh)

Reviewer: This seems a bit to convoluted. Maybe the following would work better:

```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in `table.GetEqualEntryKeys` when nil is provided instead of a table. (by @sbzlzh)
  - This fixes spawn problems on maps with invalid spawn points
  - This fixes errors in the F1 Menu language selection
```
